c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\App2.dll
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\App2.pdb
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\App2.App2.apk
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\App2.App2-Signed.apk
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\App2.dll
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\App2.pdb
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\android\bin\App2.App2.apk
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\oisinsquarev.media\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\mainmenupage.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\folderlayoutpage.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\projectcardview.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\videolayoutpage.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\videocardview.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\newprojectpage.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\res\layout\takevideopage.xml
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\obj\Debug\App2.dll.mdb
C:\Users\oisinSquarev.media\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\App2\App2\bin\Debug\App2.dll.mdb
